The Grey's and Family made a fool of my daughter tonight.
I don't see any reason for our families to cooperate anymore.
Come on, Jennifer. We're going.
I'm going to go.
Hi.
Do you think I took things too far tonight?
Hey, none of this is your fault.
All right, they were wrong from the start.
Now the Cox family and the Grey's and the family are at odds.
Don't worry, because I got a plan.
Hey, Rod, why are we taking the detour?
I'm sorry, boss. I'm not very familiar with this route.
No, it's okay. Once you got it, you pull over.
We'll call Tim to come get us.
Boss, sorry. I can't stop the car.
What do you mean?
I'm so sorry.
Hey, look, who's behind this? Look. Just pull over. I'll love you.
Boss, I can't stop the car. They tampered with it. The brakes don't work.
Rod, listen. You just pull over on the road sign, okay?
And just drive at a steady speed.
It's too late!